(***)
So I was looking and I was looking at all the seafood.
and
I had my bag on my shoulder and then the hyena.
And then... ha ha ha
And then Chi-chan was all the way down trying to get a drink for me.
And she's looking at it and she's thinking, oh, Setsuna, you have your...
bag on the back of my bag.
That's not good, but she thought that she was going to say something to me but she decided not to.
But by the time she came, it was all zipped up and open.
And my wallet was gone.
Luckily my green card and passport was in the different pockets.
So it was okay, but yes.
Yes. So because of my lesson, I told you not to do it.
yeah
yeah Everywhere, everywhere.
we've seen like people walking around and we're like excuse me
My back is wide open and delicate.
ahh
Things has been stolen, you know, so they don't know.
Yeah, some travelers don't know. Usually, they're really...
But Eatly was delicious too.
Spain was really delicious. London!
Also, film them as well.
We enjoyed the high noon tea.
what what is the name the butter oh  cluttered
yeah
cream yeah you put it on the english muffin
You loved it though.
yeah you put it on the biscuit yeah
And that was good.
oh
i the  wondered I remember the most is in Italy.
And they had this pasta, but it was in the
pie it was in the pie pie
pie pie (***) sheet pie.
And so you open it and the pasta, and I think it was seafood pasta, wasn't it?
It was so...
yeah
oh you do
Oof.
ha ha ha why we did it
When?
It wasn't the same?
oh
I don't remember. When did we go?
ha ha ha
Maybe you can take me there again. Let's go on a Valentine's Day.
uh ha ha ha ha
oh
Oh, it was that special? i never remeber
huh uh uh uh
Oh, no. What about you?
any memorable food.
yeah
oh
Ski-yaki.
oh Wow. Was it good?
Is it salty and sweet?
But why did Nancy have to be silenced?
huh ha ha
ahh
I see.
Mm
Mochi has a very famous chirasu place too. yeah yeah What about you, mom?
Horrible. It doesn't help you out.
Oh, yeah
ahhh
ha ha ha ha
uh ha  ha ha
ha ha ha
When I was in Taiwan.
I had this everything was oily and sweet or oily and
hot spicy and this is lunch they brought
What?